Fix the Expo notifications error shown in the Android Expo Go app.

Error:
"expo-notifications: Android Push notifications (remote notifications) functionality provided by expo-notifications was removed from Expo Go with the release of SDK 53."

The current code contains:
import * as Notifications from 'expo-notifications';

Requirements:

1. Inspect the entire project for all usages of expo-notifications.
2. Do NOT remove notification functionality from the application.
3. Make the application work correctly in the current Expo SDK version.
4. Since the app is currently being tested through Expo Go on Android, prevent expo-notifications remote push functionality from being executed inside Expo Go.
5. Keep local/in-app notification UI functionality if it exists.
6. If push notifications require a development build, implement the code so that push notification functionality is enabled only in a compatible development/production build.
7. Use Platform checks and/or Expo Constants to safely detect Expo Go where appropriate.
8. Do not leave any broken imports, undefined variables, or dead notification calls.
9. Check notification permission requests, notification channels, token registration, notification listeners, and notification handlers.
10. Make sure the app does not crash when running in Expo Go.
11. Do not modify unrelated screens or navigation.
12. Fix the secondary ExpoRoot.tsx error:
   return <ContextNavigator {...props} wrapper={wrapper} />;
   Do not change this line unless it is actually incorrect. First fix the root notification/import error and then verify navigation.
13. Run TypeScript/build validation and fix all resulting errors.
14. Verify the app starts successfully on Android Expo Go without the red error screen.

Important:
If remote push notifications cannot technically work in Expo Go because of the SDK 53+ limitation, gracefully disable ONLY the remote push registration/token functionality in Expo Go and show no crash. Keep the application usable.

After fixing, provide:
- Files changed
- Exact changes made
- Any packages that need to be installed
- Whether a development build is required for real Android push notifications